Feat(breaking): remove deprecated functions (#334)
callstack/react-native-testing-library: website/docs/Migration20.md

Please note that in many cases `waitFor` call can be replaced by proper use of `findBy` asynchonous queries resulting in more streamlined test code.
:::

## Removed global debug functions

> Global `debug()` and `shallow()` functions have been removed in favor of `debug()` method returned from `render()` function.

Reviewer: Let's add a separate section for shallow:
```
## Removed `shallow` helper

Shallow rendering React component is usually not a good idea, so we decided to remove the API. However, if you find it useful or need to support legacy tests, feel free to implement it yourself. Here's a sample implementation:

```js
import ShallowRenderer from 'react-test-renderer/shallow';

export function shallow(
  instance: ReactTestInstance | React.Element<any>
) {
  const renderer = new ShallowRenderer();
  renderer.render(React.createElement(instance.type, instance.props));

  return { output: renderer.getRenderOutput() };
}
```
```

Author: Done

## Removed functions

> Following query fuctions have been removed after being deprecated:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following query functions have been removed after being deprecated for more than a year now:
```

- `getByName`
- `getAllByName`
- `queryByName`
- `queryAllByName`

Following query functions are still available but have been prefixed with `UNSAFE_`:

- `UNSAFE_getByType`
- `UNSAFE_getAllByType`
- `UNSAFE_queryByType`
- `UNSAFE_queryAllByType`
- `UNSAFE_getByProps`
- `UNSAFE_getAllByProps`
- `UNSAFE_queryByProps`

> - `UNSAFE_queryAllByProps`

Reviewer: Maybe something like this would be more descriptive?
```
The `*ByType` and `*ByProps` queries has been prefixed with `UNSAFE_`. You can safely rename them using global search/replace in your project:
- `getByType` ->`UNSAFE_getByType`
- ...
```

Author: Done
